due to scientists mistake the earth
atmosphere changed and started an ice
age and no life could survive
but humans found a way to survive hello
everyone
film seeker presenting snow piercer in
the beginning
we are told many countries were
concerned about global warming from the
past seven years
scientists claimed the artificial
cooling substance cw-7
is the answer to global warming in an
attempt to bring down the global average
temperature
on 2014 79 countries dispersed cw7 into
the atmosphere
soon after which the world froze all
life became extinct
a few survived by boarding a
circumnavigational train
snow piercer are the last survivors the
train is running for 17 years
starting from 2014 and it completes a
cycle of earth in one year
inside the train we see few guards enter
the tail compartment of the train
where the poor live the passengers on
the train are segregated
with the elite in the luxurious front
section and the poor in a dirty and
unpleasant tail compartments controlled
by armed guards
they start counting them the guards ask
if there are any violinists here and
send them to collect food in a line
they are given the same food all the
time it is called protein bar
an old couple come forward and say they
can play violin
the guard check their hand and takes
only the old man the old man refuses to
come without his wife
the guard beats up the woman and stamps
on her hand the old man is forcefully
taken by guards to play violin
after the guards leave we see curtis and
edgar searching for something in
everyone's bar
then a woman named tanya calls curtis
and indicates what they are searching is
with his son
although timmy doesn't want to exchange
his bar they manage to exchange the bar
tanya asks if it's time to revolt
because their condition was very bad
and they had no facilities he says not
yet soon
inside the bar they find a capsule every
time they are given a bar
one of it has a capsule which contains a
message from some unknown person from
the head section of the train
and kurt is collected as he is the
leader when they open it they see a name
written which says
nom kong minsu it's a name of a person
who is a security expert and is in
prison section now
they want to revolt since their
conditions are not good but they cannot
open the gates in each compartment
and nam could open it when the guards
come to give the bars
the three gates are all open at the same
time for four seconds
they plan to go through three gates and
bust nom out then they have to depend on
nam to open the gates
rest of the way he plans to take over
the engine and asks gilliam to run the
train
saying wilford should not run the train
gilliam says i'm too old for that
later at night when curtis and edgar
were lying and having some conversation
guards come and collect all kids after
that a lady comes
and starts to take measurement of those
kids she was looked for kids with
specific size for some specific work
which we will get to know at the end she
takes tim and another boy
who is son of andrew they don't want
their kids to be taken away
and andrew throws a shoe at her although
she takes those kids with her
but guards capture him hung a watch on
him and through a hole
they expose his hands outside the train
where it's too cold and after seven
minutes it's removed
and his hand is completely frozen then
they hit it with a hammer
and his hand breaks into pieces later
they all collect
barrels they will use it to block the
three gates from closing
curtis thinks the guns don't have
bullets they've used up all their
bullets four years ago on the last
revolt
he thinks bullets are extinct then we
see a man who draws the pictures of
things happening here
he draws the kids portrait for the
parents who lost their kids
and gives it to them so they don't lose
hope on the other hand their preparation
is over
when the guards come to giving them
protein bars they try to start the
revolt but the guards silence them by
pointing gun at some old man
curtis walks to the guard makes him
point his head and pulls the trigger
himself luckily there were no bullets
then everyone start to attack the guards
and make their way to the prison section
where minsu is kept in a small metal
container
they open it find him unconscious but
curtis has chronal
a kind of drug which is used a lot in
the front section it's an industrial
waste and it's highly flammable
as he places it near minsu's nose as its
smell goes into his nose
he wakes up curtis says that we know
you're minsu security specialist
who designed all the door locks and the
security systems on the train
we are going to the front and we need
your help to open up the gates
ming soo asks if i don't want to curtis
says he will give him one lap of uncut
chronal for every door he opens
ming soo opens the box next to his which
has a girl inside
ming soo says that she is his daughter
yona to move forward
we need her and for each door he asks
two blocks of chronal
curtis agrees for it and now he start
preparing to open the next door
but before the door opens his daughter
says there's nobody on the other side of
the door
she has an ability to know what's inside
something the door opens and what she
said was true
they left this compartment and after
many years they see a window
they see that the whole world is still
covered in ice then minsu prepares to
open the next door
and she says there's one guy when the
door opens we see there's one guy named
paul
who they already know who once used to
live with them but now they know that he
was taken so he can prepare bars for
these people
when curtis and another man sees inside
the machine through which bars are
coming out
he sees it's full of cockroaches which
is what they were eating for so many
years
he is shocked to see this and tells the
other man to never say about this to
anyone
curtis finds a capsule and asks if he
was the one who used to write it
he says he don't write them they just
leave them for him he put them in the
protein block
and send them on when he opens it he
sees the message saying water
paul says few sections ahead is where
the waters cleansed and recycled
which is one of the crucial sections of
the train gilliam says
if we control the water we control the
negotiation
and we don't even have to go to the
engine then minsu starts to open the
next door
curtis asks jonah is she is clairvoyant
she asks
what's that he says that you always seem
to know what's behind the gates
she stands in front of the gate again
and says not to open it but it's too
late and the gate opens
they see a group of masked men armed
with axes they immediately start a
battle
and many are slaughtered and the
compartment is stained with blood
during the chaos an officer standing
behind announces that the train is
passing through a time mark bridge
meaning another new year for the running
train everyone stops the fight for a
while and cheer for the coming new year
then a person noticed that they will hit
an ice that's blocked the track
and tells everyone to get down the train
hits it and everyone fall down because
of the disturbance cause
minsu and yonah look outside and notice
a landmark and considers that ice is
melting
then minister mason appears who is
wilford's right hand
the second in command on the train and
the spokesperson for wilford for the
past
17 years actually wilford is the creator
and caretaker of the engine
she says 18 years ago from today if
wilford wouldn't have saved you
you all would have frozen to death he
gave you food shelter
and now you are revolting and trying to
capture water supply section
you should not even think about it but
be thankful to wilford
precisely 74 percent of you shall die
then all the guards wear night vision
goggles
curtis gets to know that they will pass
a long tunnel and tells everyone to get
back
now it's so dark that only people with
night vision goggles can see
and they start to brutally kill the
people from the back compartment
and then curtis remembers that a kid has
matches and says loudly
chan we need fire then the kid burns a
torch and runs towards them
and they burn many torch on the way now
they are able to see everything clearly
and they kill all the soldiers while
curtis goes to take minister as hostage
another man takes edgar he calls curtis
but he chooses to capture the minister
and edgar is killed he then takes her as
hostage and stops the fight
the guy runs to kill curtis from behind
but jonah kills him
tanya and andrew who lost their kids ask
about them to her
she says she don't know anything about
kids wilfred likes kids
that's why he sent that woman to get
them for him curtis says to call him
she says he won't come here he won't
leave his engine curtis says
we control the water section now if we
turn that off
he'll have to come she explains that the
water comes from the front
the front of the train breaks up the
snow and ice and turns it into water
and turning it off will only affect the
rear and we know you won't harm your own
people
wilford knows you well he's been
watching you he is not coming here
and you have to go to the front and i
can take you i know the train
i can guarantee you safe passage and
then you kill him and let me live
later that night since many of their men
are killed and many are exhausted
and they have minister mason so curtis
says let everyone stay
and he would go to the engine with her
gilliam says that when you get to the
narrow bridge
there's a big gate with a w on it
wilford's behind that
so the next day these people go ahead
and the rest stay behind
as they move forward to the next section
they see that it's full of greenery
here fruits and vegetables are grown
jonas sees soil for the first time
because she was born in the train
in the next compartment there is huge
aquarium with many different species of
fishes
as they move forward they see a bar
where they eat real food after many
years
while she is about to have food curtis
says her to eat what they were eating
for all these years
and she had to eat it unwillingly moving
forward they see a school in a
compartment
where there are small kids then tanya
and andrew show these kids the picture
of their kids
and ask them if they have seen them one
of the kids says he saw them pass
through this section and go ahead
they see that the kids are thought about
the greatness of wilford and how he
saved humanity
and told that if they go out or if
engines stop they all will freeze and
die
then a man comes carrying eggs and
starts distributing it to everyone
he gives one egg to curtis too and heads
to the back
curtis notices that there is a capsule
that same one that they used to receive
in protein bars
he opens the capsule the message written
as blood
and then that guy takes out gun and
starts firing at them the teacher too
starts firing
the guy frees the army and then they
capture and kill many people from the
back
meanwhile here andrew is dead and due to
her poor aiming
gray managed to kill her then curtis has
shown the footage of gilliam being
killed by franco
so curtis kills mason then they head to
the engine they see people here living a
luxurious lives
during a u-turn franco targets yonah and
shoots at her
but misses since the glass don't break
they move ahead but franco soon catches
on
even though he gets injured by grey's
sudden attack he manages to defeat him
then tanya gets killed curtis gets
unconscious as franco kicks to his face
he proceeds to stab him but is saved by
gray but unfortunately gray is killed as
he forces the knife deep into him
then he finds minsu but with help of
curtis they finally managed to kill him
curtis promises tanya to find her son
then she too dies
the remaining three minsu yona and
curtis move forward
they finally reach to the last section
before the engine where wilford is there
he had waited so long to reach here and
lost many people in the process
and he gets impatient and removes his
frustration by hitting the gate
minsu stops him and they get in a fight
but soon they calm down
and sit in front of each other minsu
gives curtis the last cigarette of
humanity
which he had left for a special occasion
he smokes it
then curtis shares the horrible past
that when they boarded the train
they didn't even have the time to be
thankful for not freezing
wilfred soldiers came and took
everything there were 1 000 people in
the last compartment
there was no food no water after a month
they started to eat the ones
who are weak then the babies which
tasted the best
and he was one among them and hates
himself once when he was about to kill a
baby
who is edgar an old man came and took
the knife and baby
had no relation to the baby everyone
thought he'd kill the baby himself but
he cut off his own arm
and said eat this if you're so hungry
but leave the baby
he had never seen anything like that
before then one by one others started to
cut their arms and legs
and offering them it was a miracle and
that old man was gilliam
a month later wilford soldiers brought
those protein blocks and they've been
eating that [ __ ] ever since
he has waited 18 years for this moment
then asking to open the gate
minsu says he wanted to open the door
but the other one the one that leads to
the outside
curtis believes they would freeze to
death outside and calls him crazy
minsu explains that they could survive
he reminds of the bridge which marks new
year
when everyone was slaughtered with axes
every new year he checked something
a wreckage of a plane for 10 years the
tail can barely be seen
but now he could see the fuselage in
wings there is less and less snow and
ice it's melting curtis believes that
this coronal is frying his brain
minsu says that it's highly flammable
chemical a spark and boom
basically it's a bomb and reveals he was
not storing it to get high
but to blow this gate he asks for
matches but curtis stops him
asking to take that off the door right
then the gate opens
a woman in yellow enters and shoots
mintsu and takes curtis in
where wilford is waiting for him he says
that curtis you are the first person to
walk the full length of this train
that none of his people have ever been
here to the engine he reveals that he
and gilliam had actually pre-planned
this revolt so that the population is
balanced
also the demand and supply of food their
original agreement was for the revolt to
end at the bridge
and all the survivors would go back to
the tail section and enjoy much more
space
but curtis counter attack actually made
the revolt 10 times more exciting
but unfortunately the front suffered
more losses than anticipated
and gilliam had to pay the price then he
orders his men to kill 74
of them in the tail section he then
gives curtis a capsule which he wrote
just now
he opens it and sees train written on it
curtis realized that the capsules he
used to receive were sent by wilford
wilford says i am old and i want you to
take over the engine
it's what even gilliam wanted and this
train has the last of humanity left you
have the sacred responsibility to lead
all of humanity
without you curtis humanity will cease
to exist
without leadership they will devour one
another meanwhile
the people from the front start to
attack minsu because he stole chronal
from them
he defends and jonah manages to open the
gate then hits the women in yellow
making her unconscious she runs towards
curtis asking for matches
so they can blast open the side door but
curtis stops her
appearing to accept wilford's offer then
she tries to open a floorboard
curtis helps her to open it and finds
tanya and andrew's children
timmy and andy working in the engine as
slaves wilfred explains that the space
only allows very small person
children under five the engine lasts
forever but not all of its parts
a piece of equipment went extinct
recently and needed a replacement
and we had to bring kids from tail
section for that curtis gets very angry
unable to see this happening to kids he
knocks him out
then blocks the engine with one of his
arm and also gives jonah the matches
she lights the fuse for chronal and gets
inside meanwhile curtis pulls timmy out
of the engine
loses his arm in the process while minsu
gets in and tries to close the door
it doesn't close and right before the
explosion curtis and minsoo use their
bodies to protect yonah and timmy from
the explosion
the explosion causes an avalanche which
hits the whole train
and derails it the train comes to a stop
after 18 years
many lose their life and curtis and
minsu sacrifice their life and save
yonah and timmy
they get out and see a polar bear in a
distance indicating that life exists
outside the train
then the movie ends this movie was
released in 2013
its imdb rating is 7.1 out of 10.
its budget was 40 million dollars and
made 87 million dollars from box office
hope you all liked the movie and please
consider subscribing if you want to see
more explanations